Stories of how these values were demonstrated in practice
 TEAM/THE PACK - Once in a team we are a team, we are together - During university in my career not many are able to finish, me an my close friends promised ourselves to help each other to make all the pack push through, this meant gettiong out of your way even if this would affect you a bit in order to help the other ones and push them back up together, we where the only group of friends of that generation that was able to graduate together.

A testimonial/feedback from someone
  My older sister, shes is like super smart, she has been top of the class since she stepped into classrooms....all the way till master's degree, so yeah it's hard to compete with that.
  She told me after years during uni (I had a couple stuggle stages there, tried to change careers a couple times), she was telling me how frustrated she was with me, she says Im the smart one, but I tend to loose interest, she told me in short: "You are not lazy, just undecided, every time I have heard you say you will do something you want to do you have done it". 
  We chatted she let me know things I didn't realized baout myself that they where there but just never noticed them before.

An achievement you are proud of
 Graduating uni with my generation, tried to change career twice while doing uni, after getting behind for almost a full year my good friend chatted with me and my mind was set to finish the original carrer I started, and now I was behind, had to keep studying through all my summers after that day, and was able to catch up and graduate with my friends, I know I would have never graduated with them, in that year if it wasnt for they support and motivation, will forver be greatfull for what they teach me I am able to do.

Using a tool to help you surface and name the values most important to you
Visuals or narratives that help you describe where your values came from
Whakataukī (proverbs) or quotes that sum up your values

  RESILIENCE: What is your WHY - how strong is your WHY (Eric Thomas about Bouster Douglas) - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hh529Evj6Xg
  QUALITY: Do the things properly or dont do them at all (Dad) - this is to be taken not literally, or you end up doing nothing, he meant the value of your work is given by you, dont do half efforts and put your name on them or that will be the value of your name.
  KINDNESS/EMPATHY: The value of a person shows from how they treat the ones that cannot do or offer anythign to them.
  INTEGRITY: I am my parents son, and the embassador of their education.
  COMMUNITY: No one exists by themselves, no one is self-made, we are all part of the same.
  GROWTH: Be a little better than yesterday, and you will never stop moving forward (bad days, weeks, months are allowed, just understand they dont define you be better tomorrow 1% improvements).

Your review of learning.
  I believe I have ADHD would love to know more and be diagnosed, have tried methods that really help, but its hard sometimes, also its hard to get the help required here, have tried going and asked my GP, but the system works really slow if its not like health risking situations, just struggle, but I'll get there.
  I mostly learn by doing, what you dont practice you forget.
  I tend to get bored of things and move on to the next one, normally after reaching the goal I wanted.