What is your long term goal or career pathway?

I want to gather the knowledge and abilities required to become a web developer and start a career in the tech sector, then start walking the walk a step at a time.


A description of your strengths and limitations concerning learning

Strenghts:
  Once in the zone I can push through
  I love to learn new things
  I'm good at fixing things (more a devoleper of existing things, than a creating from scratch)
  Team player (Like to see the strenghts and what everyone bring to the table, two heads work better than one)

Concerns:
  My attention span is not the greatest, won't even call it good these days.
  Time management
  Asking for help (Not afraid to do so, but I enjoy the challenge and like to find the answers on my own, tend to learn a lot of other thing while searching for one answer).
  Procrastinator lvl.100
  Inperfect perfectionist. (I dont believe in perfection, but tend to spend over time streamlining things that are not required at that point)
  

What skills (non-technical - human skills) would you like to see developed in yourself while at Dev Academy?
  Good mentallity.
  Reduce anxiety.
  Separating the problems in smaller ones and tackling them to achieve the goal. (working on this but I see the light and getting slowly into that mindset)
  Keeping my mind in the present task.

A commitment to how you will manage your workload in this programme. This should include:

An explanation of how you will manage yourself to work productively and safely with other learners, facilitators and industry/community representatives

What you will do when things are building up and starting to get to you
  Take a break.
  Think in the nearest problem in hand (the one I can resolve).
  work in that one, re-evaluate the problems, tackle the next one.

A commitment as to how and where you will seek help in a timely way
  This one is still hard for me, Im doing some changes at home, setting specific spaces for specific achievements (Reading atomic habits, I recommed this so much, trying to start applying this).

A description of what you expect from the facilitation team
  I expect support when asked for it, havent been asking fro much now, but I feel that will have to get more in touch now that I am seeing how the sprints and work-flow works during the foundations

Any scheduling information such as block-out times when you are committed to other things. For example, you might have whānau commitments like school drop-offs. It's important to plan these in.
These elements do not need to be structured as they are in this list. You should arrange them together so that you feel they are clearly communicated
  I currently need this coming week to set things in order (currently many changes in the house, expecting to get thing more structured with proper times by the end of this sprint 3 week).